Ack epochs2 (#142)
tlswg/dtls13-spec: draft-ietf-tls-dtls13.md

and processed handshake record (potentially subject to some delay) and MAY
cover more than one flight.

During the handshake, ACK records MUST be sent with an epoch that is

> equal to or higher than the record which is being acknowledged.

Reviewer: This is a bit pedantic, but strictly speaking this would allow a Client to ACK a ServerHello with epoch 1 (early data) - this doesn't seem right, because the server might not accept it.

Author: Sorry, I had QUIC epochs in my head. Will fix.

> equal to or higher than the record which is being acknowledged.

Author: ```suggestion
equal to or higher than the record which is being acknowledged (with the exception of epoch 1, which MUST NOT be used for sending ACKs).
```

> equal to or higher than the record which is being acknowledged (with the exception of epoch 1, which MUST NOT be used for sending ACKs).

Reviewer: Trivial style change:
```suggestion
equal to or higher than the record which is being acknowledged (with 
the exception of epoch 1, which MUST NOT be used for sending ACKs).
```

Note that some care is required when processing flights spanning

> multiple epochs. For instance, if the client receives only the Server Hello

Reviewer: Trivial: 
```suggestion
multiple epochs. For instance, if the client receives only the ServerHello
```

and Certificate and wishes to ACK them in a single record, 
it must do so in epoch 2, as it is required to use an epoch
greater than or equal to 2 and cannot yet send with any greater
epoch. Implementations SHOULD simply use the highest 
current sending epoch, which will generally be the highest available.

> After the handshake, implementations MUST use the highest available
> sending epoch.

Reviewer: I find this slightly confusing: After the handshake, as far as I understand there's an unambiguously defined 'current outgoing epoch', and that's what should always be used, including ACKs. Talking of the 'highest available epoch' suggests there is some leeway which I don't see at the moment. 
In particular, even though sending a `KeyUpdate` suggests the transition to the next sending epoch which could hence be seen 'available', it must not be used before the `KeyUpdate` has been ACKed.

Can't we simply say:
```suggestion
After the handshake, implementations MUST use the current sending epoch
for sending ACKs.
```

Author: Right. I'll change.
